okay starting my first scene intro here we go I what up my man sports we are
driving home right now from watching the tennis little today and I don't know
looking back on my week I'm trying to see how it went it probably wasn't the
best med man week I'm off next week on vacation so very excited for that going
to Muskoka so that'll be fun hopefully gonna play some golf hang out by the
pool with the kiddos have a little med juice you know I'm saying and then yeah
so actually a bunch of things went on I feel like this week was just like all
about missing you know I don't know I feel like everything I practiced I was
missing and it's just like none of this stuff was going good work wasn't going
good that good like tennis the week started like I was gonna grind on the
serve a couple days it didn't go good and then I hurt my wrists one day so I
haven't really practiced much since then and it's kind of feeling better now so I
don't know I'm gonna try to tape it up and play tomorrow I got two ladder matches
because my ladders ending so yeah that's tennis not bad right now it's okay and
then yeah maybe next scene we're gonna start right now we'll talk about my new
ITF dreams but very exciting news in tennis here we have a tournament going on
at the club I'm playing at so it's an ITF masters and I asked the tournament
organizer or whatever who was there all about it and what it is it's actually like
a pro tournament that basically anyone could sign up for you just got to be
like an ITF member but that's not too hard to do and yeah you can play like
these crazy good people and apparently the most competitive division is the 30
plus for men okay so you know I'm 34 now maybe if I like keep training keep
working with Colin keep staying fit maybe we could play in the ITF when I'm like
37 and I don't know I don't just want to play you know I can mean I can go get
dunked six nothing six nothing right now but that's not fun no no no med man's
gonna play and he's gonna go for the first round win that's what we need okay I'm
not I'm not saying I can win right away in three years but like I want to go for
like first round win battle in the second I'll take a loss there you know but
that's a good step onto the international stage you know I was asking the
tournament person all about it this is pro okay ITF hosts Wimbledon okay so
Wimbledon's like she was saying they host all the majors this is a 200 level
event okay not like ATP 200 but like ITF 200 crazy so that's pretty exciting
uh let's end that scene let's end the tennis and start seeing and yeah another
one soccer this week my lesson with that is I haven't played soccer actually well
I've been kind of like kicking about here and there once a week just for the past
little bit but before that I haven't been playing for like 10 years so honestly it
feels good I'm doing the thing that I just love doing the most just going kicking
around a ball and like doing shooting practice right now you know I love hitting
free kicks I love shooting the ball especially when you have a nice field
like I got that artificial turf on this morning if you're watching my stories but
oh man that was sick you know and I don't know reflection on that though was
more more on like I don't know it's nice going back to something you know it's
like I feel like soccer this is my story with soccer I basically played in
university and like that was sick but I was on the bench okay that was fine like I
don't know I scored one goal whatever I played against like I played with really
good players so like looking back I can't even complain but uh like they were just
better than me at the time and maybe a mental thing but yeah it's nice I just
kind of stopped playing after that like I just just soccer was just like uh I'm
just like so competitive and then it was like that was kind of like I didn't
really have any super competitive soccer so then I took that to golf you know and
I got really into golf for a while and now I'm gonna get really into tennis so
that's kind of my plan it's kind of fun to have a goal like I don't know if I have
this like dream stupid goal of senior PGA okay but now I maybe have this crazy
goal I went a first round when I'm 30 37 38 years old in the 30 plus division
like I want to pump you know men and women start the men and women singles are
tomorrow today it was women's doubles and men's doubles that's what I saw but you
know the real stuff is the singles you know so that'll be fun to watch I'm
pretty excited to see that tomorrow hopefully I can swing by but more
importantly my niece has tennis tomorrow so that's the biggest thing going down
that's the biggest thing going down with the club tomorrow and then I got to tape
my hand hopefully that's okay for my two ladder matches because yeah I haven't I oh
man the ladder ends on Monday and I still have two matches to play my wrist is
hurting so yeah we'll see we'll see we'll see so but got to keep grinding if I want to
go up I have to win these next two and they're the best they're the other two
good guys in my group too so got it hopefully my hands okay it's it's not
feeling amazing today I can grip it fine it's just like get it's just like kind
of that where you have to be careful with it you know so maybe I need some CB help
you know look at it swollen hours hours whatever anyways and that scene and yeah
I don't know any other motivation oh start seeing oh my god guys huge update on
Amazon okay thank you guys for all the clicks earlier on my story this week okay
okay we got like 18 clicks and we made how many dollars thank you y'all know who
you are for the orders okay and we made 75 cents everyone so we are officially we
haven't got paid yet except to make $50 to get paid but we made 75 cents okay I'll
show the dashboards
whoo anyways that was fun so thank you I'm you know prime day coming up everyone
so get ready for it spam link spam link spam remember this for later link spam okay
and scene and start scene why did I say start scene right now is because my video
clipper I don't know that I'd tell you guys about my video AI clipper I'm trying to
build so I'm trying to make a video AI clipper but the only way I know how to
do it is through like voice so by me saying start scene I'm starting my clip
and then I'm gonna be like hey end scene so anyways we'll see if that works so
we'll plug that in one day and fingers crossed so anyways we'll see if that works
but that's what I'm working on right now so trying to make something to like easily
clip these videos so I don't need to do anything and then maybe like turn that
into some product hopefully AI come on this one random app called clearly clearly
clearly they just they just raised 15 million dollars and it was like the
exact same thing me and my brother-in-law were talking about like two weeks
ago we're like yo there's got to be a way to like cheat on things and like if you
have AI telling you the answers live while I can hear your like work meeting
oh and I think that's what that clearly thing does so wow I just got to come up
with the sports version of that that's what I'm thinking you know I just got to
come up with the sports version of that uh how does that happen how does it
happen people anyone got ideas throw them my way let's just keep vibing let's
vibe let's become sports billionaires together you know oh my god my music is
really hyping me up right now I got it on my ears I feel it in my bones